Hello everyone,
Welcome to our project visualizing cancer
incidence in the US by state and race.
I'm Khushi,
I'm Lesrene,
and I'm Karenna.
Our tool centers around an interactive US map
displaying incidence rates
for the selected cancer.
First, the user can choose which cancer
type to visualize using the dropdown menu.
The default is colon and rectal cancer, and for
this example, we choose lung and bronchial cancer.
States are colored by incidence rate, and
darker colors mean a higher incidence.
The legend below the map shows what
percentages the colors correspond to,
and hovering over a state will show the
specific rate and *total occurrences*.
The user can click on a state to view the
racial breakdown of its cancer incidences.
The pie chart on the right
displays this information,
and the legend below shows the number
of cases in each racial category.
Note that racial groups that were not
surveyed are not present in the pie chart.
Below these visualizations is a scatter plot,
showing percent insured versus
percent below the poverty line.
Each circle represents a state,
and the size of the circle
corresponds to its total population.
The highlighted circle represents the
state that was last clicked in the map.
Hovering over a circle will
show which state it represents,
as well as its percent insured, percent
below poverty, and total population.
This is useful for finding
states with similar insurance
and poverty statistics as the highlighted state.